---
author: QCBS R Workshop Series
bg_image: images/feature-bg.jpg
categories: Calls
date: "2022-10-12"
description: 
draft: false
#image: images/blog/blog-post-1.jpg
tags:
- Calls
title: New coordination team for the QCBS R Workshop Series
type: post
---

We are excited to announce the members of the new coordination cohort for the QCBS R Workshop Series. Welcome!

+ __Antoine Caron-Guay__ (M.Sc. candidate, Université de Montréal)
+ __Clara Casabona i Amat__ (PhD candidate, Université de Sherbrooke)
+ __Paola Lisset Galloso Sanchez__ (candidate au doctorat, Université de Montréal)

We look forward to seeing this fantastic team continue the QCBS R Workshop Series into the following terms!

We, from the outgoing coordination cohort, would like to thank everyone who has participated and contributed to the QCBS R Workshop Series during the last few years. 

We have had the pleasure to engage with a warm and motivated QCBS community during the series and the symposia. We hope you all keep using the R Series to improve your instructional, programming, and statistical skills!

Despite the many challenges we faced during the last few years, the continued support, participation, and flexibility from the QCBS community allowed the R Series to thrive. Thank you all once again!

As always, you can contact the QCBS R Workshop Series coordination team at qcbs.csbq.r@gmail.com, or at csbq.qcbs.r@gmail.com.

Stay tuned for news about this year’s R Workshops!

All the best,

Pedro Henrique Pereira Braga<br>
Esteban Gongora<br>
Katherine Hébert<br>
Linley Sherin

